December 18, 2021,
saw the fulfillment
of what many deaf people in Germany
had wished for.
Two complete Bible books,
the Gospels of Matthew and John,
were released in German Sign Language.
According to 1 Timothy 2:4,
Jehovah wants all people
to “come to an accurate knowledge of the truth.”
Up to now,
there were just individual Bible verses
and a few videos in German Sign Language.
But often the entire context
of a Bible passage was unclear.
And that’s exactly why
the two newly released Bible books
in German Sign Language
are so valuable.
A hearing person tends to think
that just by reading a verse,
the correct conclusion can be drawn.
But for a deaf person, that is not the case.
For example, John 4:36 mentions
“gathering fruit for everlasting life.”
A deaf person now thinks:
‘A fruit can give me everlasting life?
Where can I get that fruit?’
Through the sign-language translation,
it’s now much easier to understand
that it’s about bringing people to the truth
so that they can live forever and we as well.
It’s always exciting for us
to hear about the challenges
people in our branch territory have to face,
and they are still able to get
to know the truth.
When I was just nine years old,
I already wanted to become a nun
because I thought
that nuns are closer to Jesus.
I was always fascinated by Jesus,
the Bible, and God,
and I enjoyed looking at my children’s Bible.
A friend of mine at school and her parents
were very religious,
and they studied the Bible a lot.
I liked that.
Through her, I heard
about the Christian Association of the Deaf,
and I also became a member
of that organization.
They discussed a lot of things,
but I didn’t find any answers
to my questions.
After I left that organization,
it looked like I would never find
the true path to God and his Son, Jesus.
In the door-to-door ministry,
the brothers used books as a basis
and then had to sign
the individual paragraphs themselves.
A short time later,
Jehovah’s Witnesses came to my door.
I thought they had made up
the name Jehovah themselves.
When they showed me
that God’s name is in the Bible
and that there’s no such thing as hell,
I was very surprised and invited them in.
We talked for five hours.
I was so relieved and wanted to know more.
That’s why I started
a personal Bible course with the Witnesses.
And I received answers to all my questions
—exactly what I’d been looking for!
However, it wasn’t all that easy.
The text was read and then signed.
It was very tiring to follow.
But since I knew that this was the truth,
it was worth all the effort.
It was also difficult later when I wanted
to find out something for myself.
Ever since I was a child,
I didn’t like reading.
There is no other religious organization
in Germany
that has published entire books of the Bible
in German Sign Language.
With Jehovah’s support,
our team has put together
a truly beautiful Bible translation.
This translation is reliable and dignified
—exactly what we would expect of God’s Word!
I’m so thankful to Jehovah,
and I was overjoyed
as the two Gospels, Matthew and John,
were released in German Sign Language.
I had searched long for answers,
and now Jehovah has given me
this wonderful gift.
I can hardly wait
to use the Bible in the field ministry
and to show other deaf ones God’s Word,
not as text,
but signed in their language.